corrections to text hiring process (#395)
publiccodenet/about: activities/recruitment/hiring-process.md

## Processing reactions of people expressing interest

Questions about the content of the position are routed to CEO (Boris@publiccode.net). Questions about the hiring procedure and the conditions are routed to HRM (Mirjam@publiccode.net). Applications are also sent to HRM for processing.

## Planned recruitment and hiring process

1. Current job openings have no closing date and applications are considered on a rolling basis. When we find a suitable candidate, we hire and close the opening. This means applications are considered ‘by themselves’ and not ‘in competition’ with a certain set of other applications.
2. HRM confirms receipt to candidates and does first round of evaluation.
3. HRM brings possibly suitable candidates to the attention of CEO and the role's future supervisor. These 2 make +/- judgement, without consulting each other. If judgement is not equal, a short discussion follows and judgement is made.
4. HRM notifies candidates (thank you or invitation for interview).

> 5. First interview: a lead codebase steward and HRM, approximately 1 hr, partially on the basis of a pre-established list of desirable competences and other characteristics (i.e. fit for role, fit for organization (culture, growth, leadership, long/short term)). Half of the interview is spent presenting PublicCode.net, in the other half, the candidate has a chance to present her/himself. Immediately after the interview both HRM and CEO score the candidate on the items on the list and determine if the candidate should progress to a second interview. HRM will contact the candidate to inform her/him.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. First interview: a lead codebase steward and HRM, approximately 1 hr, partially on the basis of a pre-established list of desirable competences and other characteristics (i.e. fit for role, fit for organization (culture, growth, leadership, long/short term)). The interview time will divided equally - half for the candidate to present themselves, half presenting the Foundation for Public Code. Immediately after the interview both HRM and CEO score the candidate on the items on the list and determine if the candidate should progress to a second interview. HRM will contact the candidate to inform them.
```

Reviewer: "The interview time will divided equally - half for the candidate to present themselves, half presenting the Foundation for Public Code."  Is 'to present' an accurate description of how this interview is run and what is expected of the candidate re preparation? 
More conventional first interviews include both potential employer and potential employee having a discussion around pre-prepared questions designed to explore relevant experience, skills and fit - not presenting. A subsequent interview might include a demonstration of skills (eg a presentation to a client, a coding test).

Reviewer 2: I agree that "present" is potentially misleading. Perhaps "introduce" is better?

Reviewer: Based on a discussion with @MirjamvT, it sounds like this interview is a shared dialogue to get to know each other, with about half the time devoted to discussing the Foundation (where it's at, how it works, any other questions the candidate may have), and half discussing the candidate (where they're at, what they want next, why they're interested).
